okay on my way to replacing the floor
here my 18 foot boat and I'm doing
something I've always wanted to do never
seem to have the time to do I'm taking
out those silly little side bunk bunk
beds now they're tiny little things I've
out if anyone's ever actually had a
decent night's sleep on one of those I
don't even know how the hell they fitted
in but and they would always like just
accumulated just rotten old rope and
stuff underneath and that the storage
was useless one side packed in my tent
nearly on top of it kind of got trapped
in there so always wanted us to get rid
of those and one bulb
one side I'm going to bot the other side
I'm just going to mount the batteries
you know a little plastic would proof
mounting boxes I've got everything
really well labeled here pretty much
can't go to wrong they're got battery
one battery - I've got my switch here
which is a while ago and clearly marked
it so I can just put it all back
together and work again and I'm gonna
that'll just fry my double mattress in
the front there and I'm six foot and
that pretty much just leaves my feet
sticking out of here which is a great
step forward because this was just a
waste of space all that these little
mini banks which weren't good for
anything so I'm already in foot but I
think they were they were a very
optimistic idea that someone could
actually sleep or two people could
actually bunk down in the half cabin
there so for my purposes I'll just go
out onto rivers and lakes and bays and
chucking the inflatable double mattress
and I can just also get clear up this
space it'll be just just brilliant to
better have all that usable space never
rains I'll be under cover
okay here we go